UTMFW installation is very intuitive and easy, just follow the instructions on the screen and answer the questions asked. You are advised to accept the default answers to all the questions. In fact, the installation can be completed by accepting default answers all the way from the first question until the last. The only exceptions are network configuration, password setup, and installation disk selection.

Auto allocator will provide a partition layout recommended for your disk. Suggested partitioning should be suitable for most installations, simply accept it. Do not delete or modify the msdos partition.

Make sure you configure two network interfaces. You will be asked to choose internal and external interfaces later on. You can configure the internal wifi interface in Host AP mode.

All of the install sets and software packages are selected by default, simply accept the selections.

While installing using the img file, when the installation script asks the location for the install sets or the packages, you should choose the disk option and that the disk partition is not mounted yet, and then select the device name for the installation disk (usually sd0 or sd1, but type ? to see device info first). The default path for install sets and packages the script offers is the same path as in the img file too, so you just hit Enter at that point.

If the installation script finds an already existing file which needs to be updated, it saves the old file as <filename>.orig.

Installation logs can be found under the /root directory.

You can access the web administration interface using the IP address of the system's internal interface you have selected during installation. You can log in to the system over ssh from internal network.

Web interface user names are admin and user. Network user is utmfw. All are set to the same password you provide during installation.

References:
[1] INSTALL.arm64 in the installation img file.
[2] https://www.openbsd.org/arm64.html for supported hardware.
[3] https://www.openbsd.org/faq/faq4.html for OpenBSD installation guide.
